[Music]
hey what's up guys today i going to
recap the story wrong house 2012 film
the story of the movie wrong house
starts with a scene in which a girl
running in a forest is shown
after it a house is shown in which a
lady
susan is cutting house pictures from a
magazine
later his husband george comes and says
let's go after asking some questions
she gets ready to go with him george
asks his daughter to come as well who
sat inside
she asks if she can stay here on which
george
says were leaving in half an hour later
that girl emmy tells her friend about
susan that she's so fake now
george susan and amy travel in a car
this car stops in front of a restaurant
they all go inside here emmy sees a man
who sat at the corner table
his face suddenly changes into a
horrible face
amy gets scared but no one believes her
words
in carr amy says that she wants to go
home
but his father george says that we'll go
to visit a house first and then we'll
come back to our house
they reach that house after a long
journey
for sale was written there and a picture
of its owner was also printed there
as amy sees picture of that man
she tells that he's the same man she saw
in the restaurant
but her words are ignored in a short
time
they reached there no one was there
there was a speaker from which the voice
of
welcome comes this statement is also
spoken that you are free to visit the
house
it is also said that by pressing the
button of the speaker
you can know and hear more about this
great place
after a short while a jeep comes there
and another family comes who had visited
the house before
both families introduce each other after
this
george's family goes toward a forest in
a car
as their car is moving a girl comes in
front of their car
she falls to the ground and gets injured
they all get down and see her and ask if
she's fine
her mouth was bleeding she makes strange
voices
she touches amy's face with her hand in
a mysterious way
immediately the car of the second family
also arrives there and takes them away
in this car
everyone goes in front of that house
where for sale
was written actually both families were
trapped here
now they try to get out of here in a car
but it stops in front of that house
the head of the other family asks them
to go and stay inside
whereas his wife says that it's a bad
idea
emmy tells that this strange girl
doesn't want to go inside
amy's father george asks her not to get
scared
we'll be here together in a short time
they go inside it was so dark there
this strange girl sees a man in a window
upstairs
he has hidden a child's face he had put
his hand
on the child's face later susan
tells that that strange girl is
suffering from fever
the next morning the voice of welcome
comes from the speaker
the same statement is repeated and
everyone wakes up and they see that the
strange girl wasn't there
they look out the window at a man with
his dog
when they come inside in a while they
find that strange girl
this scene shows that the tongue of the
girl is cut
one month passes a lady from the second
family was cleaning that she sees a girl
outside the window
she was her dead biological daughter it
is also shown that the son of the second
family walks with the help of crutches
he was recovering now the son of the
second family had the name
jason he goes outside the house with
emmy
before going jason's father gives him
the revolver so that he can protect
himself
jason is with emmy emmy sees a small kid
outside the window
she runs toward her house and tells her
father that she saw a kid
her parents are busy with some notes and
things
there was a picture too where a picture
of that kid was present as well
so amy recognizes him and says that he
is the kid
everyone goes upstairs quickly but no
one was there
downstairs the lady of the other family
open up a box and take out many pieces
of puzzles from it
and put this on the table after this
when she was thinking to solve it she
hears the voice of
mommy behind her when she turns
she sees her younger daughter stood
behind her whom she saw through the
window
she hugs her daughter and set her hair
that girl says that she can't stay here
and whispers in her mother's ear
that strange girl was observing
everything while lying on the sofa
no one was with this lady she was trying
to communicate with some guy
galay by actions in the next scene a
view of the forest is shown and it was
dinner time
susan says to that lady that she knows
that you know something
on which that lady says that she doesn't
know anything and i'm not
on file susan talks to her rudely
because of which she goes outside as the
lady of the second family goes outside
she sees her daughter again she whispers
in her ear again
in the next scene susan has a dream
in which she sees her husband george
he was so violent after it she sees that
man
ron sitting on a chair again
suddenly she wakes up she gets afraid of
her husband and says that you can't do
this
downstairs emmy was trying to join
puzzle pieces
then the head of the other family comes
and asks many questions from the strange
girl standing beside her
he becomes hyper after it emmy's father
assures him that nothing's inside
everything will be fine i shall not let
happen anything to you
in the next scene emmy susan and
george reaches the forest jason's father
points his gun at him and says that you
are planning to escape one by one
emmy's father says of course not
in the next morning emmy hearth was
washing her face that she sees her
mother behind her in the mirror
on the other hand susan moves with a
small knife and picks up a hammer as
well
she hits the hammer on jason's father's
back
jason's father was about to die due to
this but jason
asks him that how can george take her
daughter he asks him about the road but
he dies
[Music]
turn that strange girl emmy to the side
when susan is constantly crying she says
don't do that
in the same way george now decides to go
out
he gives his gun to his daughter so that
she can protect herself
while on the other hand george was
trying to locate the road through the
backsteps in the forest
as he reaches the mid of the forest he
hears the voice of
hello that person ron
was standing behind with his dog but
when
george turns back he sees his twin
a me and that strange girl are hidden
behind the tree
garrog goes there and pull that strange
girl by her hair
later kills her with a hammer and that
strange girl dies
emmy becomes very nervous and starts
sweeping and so does her father with her
gun
as a result
now she runs toward a forest she sees a
car
and falls in front of it when a car
stops there
people make her sit in it she sees that
some puzzle pieces are in her pocket
this car stops in front of that house
again
she is just sitting there when that
ghost boy and his father stand at the
other car door
that ghost boy says she's back daddy and
pulls her toward them
that man cuts emmy's tongue with
scissors this complex movie leaves many
questions
the writer tells about its explanation
that basically ghost boy and ghost man
are murdering people
by possessing the human body and
torturing them psychology
in the end we get to know that this was
an old cycle
process which is repeating itself
as we know now that emmy's tongue is cut
and she has become a strange girl now
for the people who'll come to visit this
house which is for sale
just like this emmy will hit the car of
this family and they will bring this
strange girl into the strange house
they all will be trapped and killed as
well that's the way this story will go
thanks for watching like comment
subscribe and smash the bell icon